# Final-Project

Our project was based on the learning curve and champion accessibility of the game League of Legends. League of legends is a Mulitplayer online Battle game and its popularity is worldwide. My first task for this team was the data mapping and breakdown of the JSON into a more accessible CSV. As our team consisted of one extra person, my weekly task was also to fill in the gaps for unforeseen issues. This includes the dummy model for week 1, assisting with the pyspark to SQL connection for week 2, and assisting with the dashboard before our presentation in week 3. Along with being flexible, my other task for this team consisted of helping the with databases and my main task involved web scraping and incorporating and helping the website builder to display our work ina visually entertaining way!

The tasks I was not a part of was the visualization of the Tableu slides, the SQL coding and besides the intial dummy model, I did not incorporate any machine learning work as multiple people had already been developing and working on it. When we had our group together, there was a lot of group work on the machine learning, everyone had a hand in this development. 

My biggest difficulty that spread over the weeks was the webscraping of the leage of legends website in order to obtain all the champions that would be displayed on our website. I was able to develop multiple codes that finally scraped the webpage, but then the pictures had naming issues and i had to write several other codes just to get the names right in order to align with database we had already incorporated into our HTML website. This task was done in a more straightforward manner and it wasn't until one of my teammates went in and finished with the code I had implemented was I able to visualize the task I had wanted to finish.

Our communication was very good, most of us attended not only the scheduled classes but also the TA weekend classes and even some non scheduled zoom meetings to complete tasks. We communicated through Slack and did not have any issues. One challenge that seemed to be difficult at first but was shown to less of an issue was the distribution of the amount of work. I personally was worried about not having enough work as I was kind of placed into the team as a last minute fill in. As our project progressed, it seemed there would be enough work to satisfy the requirements of the class, even with some teammates volunteering for multiple responisbilities.

Our team was very strong with having an open mindset. As only one or two people on the team had even played this game, the amount of sharing and ideas was vast, but there was little to no disruptions or disagreements. One trick I would say is to be open to the idea that someone can know more than you. So much of this project involved one person building upon anothers, codes were written and exchanged and it was all for the greater good.

League of legends is a Multiplayer game that has a vast amount of champions to choose from. Using our random forest model, we can give a 98% accuracy for newcomers choosing champions with a easier learning curve. Our analysis shows the top two champions that are the easiest to start the game with along with most difficult champions to master.
